1. Need to fix close current loop where current will not decrease when this is selected

2. Implement Turn off power source when test completed button

3. In gB_Data where in my lower text browser i need to be able to have the same exact data output that is displayed like in the original.

3. Make changes to GUI so we can see all the options from dropdowns because we can
t so far

4. Implement Slot 200 and 300 (BEFORE WE DO THIS: Do I need to create this section and then would I need to create a separate main window that has the same everything as MainWindow where we do this for "state" changes of gB_ChannelData? Meaning, would I have to create a separate MainWindow with a different gB_Channel data for slot 200 or 300, or would I be able to keep my MainWindow and somehow have different group Boxes that essentially have the same content but just go from channels 201-210 and 301-310? How would we do this? DO NOT DO THIS, JUST GIVE ME THE PLAN). -- DONE

4. Update GUI so it looks colorful and modern, ask claude for UI ideas.

5. Follow checklist that Fred made below:

Temperature Rise Testing Checklist: 

Ensure you can change the Baud rate and Port for each of the 3 devices. --DONE

Ensure each device successfully connects --DONE

Ensure you can change the voltage, as well as turn the voltage off --SEMI DONE

Ensure “Turn Off Power Source When Test Is Done” works correctly --TEST 

Ensure “Close Current Loop” makes the current stabilize to desired setpoint --TEST

Ensure Reading Intervals amount of seconds changes with dropdown --TEST

Ensure RTD (4-Wire) and Thermocouple buttons correctly swap modes --TEST

Ensure Free, # of Readings, Duration Mode works correctly --TEST

Ensure the Instantaneous, Maximum, Minimum, Average, and Temperature Risen columns are displaying results correctly --TEST

Ensure the Current/Volts/Frequency/Phase is displayed correctly at bottom of window 

Ensure the DAQ Plot is correctly graphing the data, and that the DAQ Log displays relevant information correctly 

Ensure data is being correctly saved to a spreadsheet during the test 

Ensure Slot 100, 200, and 300 of the DAQ are working correctly 

Graphical user interface, text, application

Description automatically generated 

Required Tests: 

Run a CL200 Sim Meter followed by a 2S-SD Meter, compare results to ensure working correctly 

Run a CL320 Sim Meter followed by a 2Se-SD Meter, compare results to ensure working correctly 